# Overview
In this assignment, I was asked to select data from the Citi Bike program and create dashboards, in order to explore how Citi Bikes are used in New York City. In order to do this, I focused on data from the past year, from June 2022 to May 2023.

The data, as presented in this dashboard, has led me to the following conclusion: Citi Bikes tend to act as a supplement to public transportation, especially for the younger riders of New Jersey that have access to them. Of course, this conclusion is limited in its scope to the past year and may require data from the past several years to be verified as a long-standing trend. 

Moreover, I suggest there may be some reason to be wary of this data, how it was gathered, and perhaps how I parsed it. As my map of start stations shows, there were no Citi Bike rides started from New York City itself. According to the data, as shown in this dashboard, Citi Bike rides are only started from the participating cities in New Jersey. Although this may be demonstrated to be true, it is reason to be wary, as it is improbable that no riders in the City of New York started a bike ride over the course of an entire year.

# Overall Trends

Using the dashboards as a guide, we can understand the use of Citi Bikes as habitual and routine, rather than recreational. Throughout the year, members use bikes thousands of times more than casual riders, even during the winter. Judging by the 'Distribution' bar graphs on the 'Who Is Riding?' dashboard, members drive traffic to and from almost every Citi Bike station in the past year. The exceptions are the Bergen Ave & Stegman St and Vesey Pl & River Terrace stations as destinations, and Bergen Ave & Stegman St. as a starting station. However, these stations received less than 2,000 starting and destination visits over the past year, and they are outpaced in terms of traffic by dozens of other stations. As a result, this indicates that Citi Bike traffic is driven by members, who account for thousands more rides than casual users throughout the year and are likely members because they expect to use Citi Bikes more habitually. In this way, we can understand Citi Bikes as a utility, since they act as an integral method of transportation for many riders.

